city ​​facts that have become
in great achievements
Hello, we continue with great achievements in
plastic aesthetic clinic and we
you will find all the services in one
same place what will help you have a
satisfactory result today this clinic
He presents his great achievements and them
we release a device
wireless that helps control the
dogs health
Canoe Street is a clinic located in
envigado is a second level clinic
that provides multiple services among
which are on the second floor
a perfectly equipped operating room account
in total with four surgery rooms in
which can be done surgeries of
second level we have specialists in
general surgery plastic surgery
oncology oncology and out of that
gynecology besides that we are
they provide many other services within
the clinic we have on the third floor a
clinical laboratory which provides all
the first level services there is also
three more fish in which they are given
general services and they have multiple
specialists in addition to all the above
the financing service of
the surgeries the clinic can be
has its own service in which
has multiple specialists
hired and you can give financing
and management for different surgeries
mainly aesthetics that are wanted
perform the different patients that are
makes every click that's why we invite you
come to the clinic will not have a
excellent service with all the quality
necessary that has all the
resources that are needed to make
any type of surgery
a wireless device for
control the health of pets
canines is the new creation of a
Japanese company monitoring the
neck temperature and vibrations
bodily that warn for example your
degree of stress or possible diseases
like obesity the information
stored can be analyzed every day
week or month using graphics that
indicate significant health changes
until our program we invite you
to continue accompanying us in large
achievements every Tuesday wednesday thursday
just here ahead here to my channel
when we least expect it, life
puts forward a challenge that puts
try our courage and our will
exchange
Paulo Coelho
city facts that have become
in great achievements